Update compliance-scan.md (#3841)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/cluster-management/compliance-scan.md

## Scan Options

The following options are available cluster scans.

- **On Demand**: Start a scan immediately.
- **Scheduled**: Schedule a scan to start at a specific time.

#### On Demand

> Ondemand scans can be initiated by navigating to the **Scans** tab of a cluster's details page in Palette. The scan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On demand scans can be initiated by navigating to the **Scans** tab of a cluster's details page in Palette. The scan
```
